# Docker Mixin Example Bundle

This is an example bundle to show how to use the Docker mixin in Porter!

# Contents

## porter.yaml

This is the porter manifest. See https://porter.sh/author-bundles/ for 
details on every field and how to configure your bundle. This is a required
file. The commands available in the docker mixin are docker pull, push, build, 
run, remove, and login. 

### docker pull

### docker login
Login has two optional parameters - username and password. To pass in the 
username and password, you can either enter them in the yaml or set them 
as environment variables and pass them in as credentials. In order to pass 
them in as credentials, you need to add credentials section in the yaml. You 
need to run porter credentials generate and then when you run porter install, 
pass in the credentials by doing --cred or -c followed by the name of the 
credential set.

## helpers.sh

This is a bash script where you can place helper functions that you can call
from your porter.yaml file.

## README.md

This explains the files created by `porter create`. It is not used by porter and
can be deleted.

## Dockerfile.tmpl

This is a template Dockerfile for the bundle's invocation image. You can
customize it to use different base images, install tools and copy configuration
files. Porter will use it as a template and append lines to it for the mixin and to set
the CMD appropriately for the CNAB specification. You can delete this file if you don't
need it.

Add the following line to **porter.yaml** to enable the Dockerfile template:

```yaml
dockerfile: Dockerfile.tmpl
```

By default, the Dockerfile template is disabled and Porter automatically copies
all of the files in the current directory into the bundle's invocation image. When
you use a custom Dockerfile template, you must manually copy files into the bundle
using COPY statements in the Dockerfile template.

## .gitignore

This is a default file that we provide to help remind you which files are
generated by Porter, and shouldn't be committed to source control. You can
delete it if you don't need it.

## .dockerignore

This is a default file that controls which files are copied into the bundle's
invocation image by default. You can delete it if you don't need it.